hello welcome aboard poly hi welcome
aboard poly we'd like to give you a tour
of our family home under sail okay this
is how a leaf
our floating home Bali is a trimaran
which means it has three halls it's 24
metres high which is just about the same
as an eighth floor building it is 15
meters long and almost 12 meters wide
the living space is comparable to three
bedroom apartment first I would like to
show you the main space the kitchen so
this is the most important thing because
in this place place we spent really a
lot of time as you can see this is quite
a big space for us you got many many
things here that we can cook almost
everything we got a fridge and freezer
here a lot of space for our kitchen
things tools blender mixers for
cocktails my favorite and on the other
side
dishwasher here actually just finished
in a war thank you very much
electricity courtesy of sunshine and
water actually cut Reserve so I'm trying
to fix to the water make it so green
again but it's a very smart thing along
our lines of through living green the
dishwasher only takes about 13 meters of
water for wash so we could never wash
this amount of dishes and that kind of
amount of water although we have another
mode if we need to say yeah probably
actually no we actually clean the dishes
on the on the stand over there on the
transom my favorite you can always feed
the Sharks and see exactly good go week
whenever we wash dishes over there it's
mad it's frenzied there's so many fish
there's usually you know the small ones
coming first and then the big ones come
in sometimes work there's something out
thanks to the washing dishes over there
it's really good so yeah we do our
stitches quite a bit by hands in the
back with just salt water and in fact
you know when we're in places like this
where it's really really keen we don't
even rinse it with the fresh water
garbage can I was kind of seen this idea
on other boats and I really liked it
and every time you throw something into
the garbage you don't have to actually
open the cabinet you can just do this
right there's something really small you
just put it through the hole and that's
it thank you very much the regular house
stove and I'm burners and this is not a
yacht version of it so I made this top
over here because it's made out of
stainless steel specially made for boats
and this one was not so we had to
actually I had to paint it with varnish
to what to keep it from rusting there's
the big electrical panel that basically
drives almost an entire boat all the
electrical things that happen on the
boat the boat is symmetrical so this
cabin is the same as the other cabin
it's just a mirror image and you can see
we have quite large bed which is not
usually the case for sailboats we're
very lucky because our boat is very wide
and it can actually fit and we got a
really good nice bed mirror two big
windows like it's a lot of space this is
not very typical for sailing boats so
that's that's why I love this boat so
much storage place we have very nice big
drawers here and we also have space
underneath the bed or we can your lift a
mattress or we have all access over here
all but it's like a big storage place
the whole boat is like that every space
is very much something used the way you
design build system is to maximize the
you
the space on the other side there's a
kingdom of our kids this is a kingdom of
Julian and Cuba at the moment it's not a
big mess here it looks normally it's
like messy here all the toys are
everywhere they cannot complain because
they got many many toys a lot of nice
this is the mattress where they sleep
most often I miss lippy with them here
because when we have some guests on
board we normally in space sleep here we
got two bathrooms this one on the right
side very funny
never breaking one so that's why we love
it very much because there's a just open
it and there's a hole and you can pee
direct to the water I and feed some fish
as well we normally don't take shower
here but if you would like to take
shower you just take this one you just
you know and there's a hole here in the
wall little one
so all water just come here straight to
the seat bathroom if you see electric
toilet that goes into this big tank in a
on the bottom that can be sucked out but
it gets mixed into saltwater and then we
can let it out if we're in the area
where it's allowed to do it if we ever
actually do use a shower
which we normally you just use the stern
the back end of the boat this serves as
a regular faucet but you can also turn
it around and use it as a shower so
another space weight-saving solution
which we really like we got some
mascarpone this is the biggest one here
this is the mask that Sokka creates our
favorite local artist from solution our
dear friend yeah this is a our salon it
was a burn and we even called it holy
amnesia because if you just lay down
here everybody forget about you so if
you are really tired and you don't want
to share many duties on board always
hide here so this is the place where we
keep normally vegitables fruits where we
cross the Atlantic did you do
instruments music instruments their
first aid feeling and underneath there's
one names were wrong and beers are
hidden this is the place
then there's books for kids things here
book space navigation and our tools like
computers GoPros drone plays there's a
lot of place here you can hide many
things just look at it this little
office we have printer Oh guitar guitar
oh yes the drum sets there's another
Kevin here it's got space for two people
because holy neighs yeah because the
boat is Paulie and we decided to call
every ad room like with Paulie something
so it's like polyamory Polynesia prolly
amnesia and on the others in the horse
you got Cosmo Polly yeah
this KB in maybe not so wide it's not so
comfortable but it's very Airy is windy
when it's wide open is very fresh here
there's a window here we got a very huge
fridge and this right underneath the
stairs okay if you want to think to lift
it lock it so this is the fridge and
it's very huge you can set it as a
freezer or fridge so it's very
comfortable when you get a lot of people
or you're planning crossing or long
trips and this is the place where fresh
water pumps are this is the end room but
I'm gonna let bar tech but like you're
gonna tell about this this kingdom
engine room right here
I'll show you just a quick version of
that tour and then maybe someday I will
make a nice tour for the guys we have
basically a laundry here regular washer
this is this is also yes this is also
this is our big inverter that's the
heart of all the electricity on the on
the boat those are our this is our pride
our voltage regulators for our solar
panels which are now actually spinning
high speed cooling it ourselves because
they were charging full blast from from
the Sun our batteries right here they're
just regular golf cart batteries nothing
special but they're very dependable very
good and we like them a lot and the big
behind you'll see a lot of them digging
up the generator right now so I'm not
gonna go into details but we have a
desalinator engine and
generator and inverted four hundred ten
volts and that's about it
for for a very quick tour oh one more
thing we have a very nice mineralization
plant over here because we make our own
water and the water from the water maker
would be in the long run would be quite
healthy because it doesn't have so this
even we can go on a deck our favorite
place you can chill here lay down while
we're sailing yeah this is nice place we
can easily sit like six eight people in
this table and then over here very
comfortably and even more if when you
really have to sell it's been home to
quite a big parties and good
was one of the first things I felt on my
blog was that was high pressure assault
water pump so we basically take the
water from that ocean pressurize it and
we can wash the back and okay
steering stations this is where we
navigate normally especially when we're
going in and out of sea port or into the
night encourage visibility and also have
a control of the engine which is right
here this is the panel for the engine
that's where we start and stop it
I also monitor the temperature of the
coolant and the oil pressure and rpm and
here we have an auto pilot
bow thruster this is our view jet that
we use if we just need to get contact
quickly from here also from here
obviously that's why it gets use the
most we can easily run the whole
yeah so now I want to show you our left
hole left Cosmo Polly
this is the only disadvantage of Ducks
place we just enter scenes from the back
you gonna show dive here yeah it looks
like there's a bad for two people
yes when we stay on the anchor it's very
nice here because you got the three
windows one here this is a nut pot and
there's a third one but on the other
side it's nice place I'll show you the
view from our window
yeah good up here some space for
personal stuff like books clothes stereo
stereo
on the other side bomb is the same bed
but now at the moment you keep their
money fiends who it's not a suitcase and
mattresses vacuum cleaner you don't have
any many people now leave it like that
this is Cosmo volley and on the other
side is the same one only but only would
this front bow okay
just put our spinnaker the successful
artists on the ball
Anders vendors and lies it's fully
packed
I think this is it I hope you enjoyed it